Add support for using Lock objects in async with (#1532)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/newsfragments/1031.feature.rst

> Implemented asynchronous context management with :class:`~cocotb.triggers.Lock`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`~cocotb.triggers.Lock` can now be used in :keyword:`async with` statements.
```
newsfargments should describe what's new, not what was done.
